Thanks to (chronologically):

Costin Badica - he advised Liviu Lalescu to begin this project, offered suggestions and provided him with documentation.

Carsten Niehaus - suggestions.

Imre Nagy - e-mail list (does not work anymore), suggestions.

Sajith V. K. - suggestions

Michael Towers - lots of bugs reported, sample files, suggestions, front/back-end.

Antti Leppik - sample file, suggestions.

Ian Fantom - sample file, suggestions.

Simon Ghetti - sample files, suggestions.

Gibbon Tamba - sample file, bug reported.

Jerome Durand - bug reported, French translation.

Marek Jaszuk - bugs reported, suggestions, sample file.

Ramanathan Srinivasan - suggested Constraint2ActivitiesConsecutive and Constraint2ActivitiesGrouped.

Vimal Joseph - suggestions, a script to convert the .xml results into .tex.

Cristian Gherman - bugs reported, suggestions.

Nicholas Robinson - suggestions.

Radu Spineanu - Debian package.

Morten Piil - bug reported, sample file.

Sebastian Canagaratna - lots of suggestions, bugs reported, sample files.

Abdul Hadi Kamel - sample file, bugs reported, Malay translation.

Miguel Gea Milvaques - Catalan translation.

Frans de Bruijn - bug reported.

Radoslaw Pasiok - Polish translation.

Daan Huntjens - bug reported, sample file, suggestions, partial Dutch translation.

Yush Yuen - sample file, bug report.

Scott Sweeting - sample file, suggestions, icon for FET.

Dragos Petrascu - suggestions.

Daniel S. - suggestions, help files for the constraints.

Gianluca Salvo - suggested Constraint2ActivitiesOrdered.

Sebastian O'Halloran - suggestions.

Mehmet Gezmisoglu - Turkish translation.

Tom Hosty - sample file, bugs reported, user's guide.

Niels Fikse - Dutch translation.

Simon Bohlin - suggestions.

Volker Dirr - German translation, bug reports, suggestions, 2-point and uniform crossover implementation and testing.

Les Richardson - Update of the FAQ.

Gabi Danon - instructions on how to compile/run FET on Mac OS X

Manolo Par - suggested ConstraintTeachersMinHoursDaily.

Viktor Ferenczi - bug report, Hungarian translation.

Patrick Fox - improved French translation.

Andres Chandia - icons.

Zoran Zdravkovski - bug reports, Macedonian translation.

Constantin Romulus - bug reports, sample file (private), small improvements in Romanian translation, testing, fet forum logo.

L. W. Johnstone - suggestions, sample file.

Zsolt Udvari - suggestions.

mantas - bug reports.

moryus - bug report.

bb - suggestions.

Maciej Deorowicz - suggestions.

José César Fernández López - Spanish translation.

Daniel Chiriac - suggestions.

Dimitrios Ropokis - suggestions, Greek translation.

Danail - suggestions.

Peter Ambroz - suggestions.

Nirwan Yus - Indonesian translation.

Marco Barsotti - Italian translation, testing.

Silver - Arabic translation, sample file.

kdsayang - suggestions.

didit - suggestions.

Bobby Wise - sample files.

Willy Henckert - sample file.

Wilfred - suggestions.

W. D. John - sample file.

Darius Staigys - Lithuanian translation.

George Miliotis [Ionio] - suggestions.

Sílvia - suggestions, sample file.

alfaromeo - suggestions, testing.

Niels Stargardt - sample file.

Cristian Balint - sample files.

sherman - suggestion.

Azu Boba - suggestion.

Thomas Schwartz - bug report.

Catalin Maican - suggestions.

Ilya V. Paramonov - Russian translation.

Hamed SadeghiNeshat - Persian translation.

Joan de Gracia - Catalan translation of the manual.

Massimo Mancini - suggestions.

Regina V. Kryvakovska - Russian translation additional checking.

Bingen - suggestions.

Angela - suggestions.

T. Renganathan - sample file.

Marco - sample file.

sally sat - Persian translation update.

sstt2 - bug report.

Nikos Koutsoukos - suggestions, bug reports.

pinco - suggestions.

Ben Bauer - suggestions.

Rodica Lalescu - suggestions.

Gigica Nedelcu - icons design.

Paolo Cataldi - suggestions.

Gerrit Jan Veltink - sample file, suggestions.

Soyeb Aswat - suggestions.

Andriy Melnyk - Ukrainian translation.

Frans - suggestions.

m - suggestions.

Christoph Schilling - sample file.

Frank Mártin - Brazilian Portuguese translation.

Werner Bruns - Brazilian Portuguese translation.

aliponte - sample file.

David Lamhauge - Danish translation.

murad - suggestions.

Achini Duisna - Sinhala translation.

Ondrej Gregor - Slovak translation.

Karel Rodríguez Varona - bug report.

Remus Turea - help with the FET homepage.

Joachim - suggestions.

Chichi Lalescu - suggestions.

Iftekhar Ahmad - suggestions.

DT - suggestions.

Yotam Medini - Hebrew translation.

mohd - suggestions.

Dimitris Kanatas - Greek translation update.

waleed - sample file.

aang - suggestions.

M K Lohumi - sample file.

Régis Bouguin - French translation update.

Ivan Starchevicy - Serbian translation.

Radan Putnik - Serbian translation.

Asti Widayanti - sample file.

uni_instructor - suggestions.

liquid - suggestions.

Juan Marcos Filgueira Gomis - Galician translation (based on the Spanish translation by José César Fernández López).

llantones - example file.
